Thus far we covered a lot of important basics you'll need for building ionic angular applications.
What we didn't cover thus far is how we can make sure that the app really looks the way we want it to
look.
Sure we had a look at the ionic grid which helps us with positioning items and laying out the page.
But what about colors and general settings like the font or the background of our toolbar.
What about all these things how can we adjust the app to look the way we wanted to look.
To answer this question in this module we'll have a look at styling and theming in ionic angular apps
and specifically we'll dive into you which tools I order in general gives us when it comes to styling
how we can set and use a theme in ionic apps and a theme is things like the colors the font ends on
how we can use C as as variables to our advantage and what see us as variables actually are and how
custom CSX or in this project actually SAS but doesn't really matter.
Styles fit into this whole big picture.
Let's explore our options there.